[Honks horn,
tires squeal]
Everything's gonna be fine,
Chloe.
You just bumped your head.
I told your mom we're going
to get it checked out.
We just need to get
to the hospital now.
Why don't we just
take an ambulance?
Because your Aunt Annie
is much faster.
Oh! Excuse me.
Excuse me. My niece
fell and bumped her head.
I'm Dr. Weiss,
head bumping specialist.
I'm Annie Walker,
derelict babysitter.
- And your niece's name?
- Chloe.
Let's get Chloe
to bed three.
Come with me, dear.
How long ago did she fall?
Nine minutes
and 48 seconds ago.
I timed it.
- Any vomiting or--
- Loss of consciousness,
blurred vision?
No.
- Are you seeing spots now?
- Mm-mm.
- They were playing dress-up.
- No, we weren't
playing dress-up.
We were putting on
a fashion show.
Catwalk can be
a dangerous place.
Okay, why don't we have
Nurse Patty take a look,
and I'm gonna
talk to your aunt.
I don't see any sign
of a hematoma.
We should order
a CAT scan.
You were just
getting to that.
But I'll order a CAT scan,
and we'll monitor her.
I should have been
watching her more closely.
She's gonna be fine.
I'm sorry
for being such a pain.
I'll forget all about it
if you meet me for coffee.
Twist my arm. A drink.
Boy, do you drive
a hard bargain.
Okay, lunch,
and that is my final offer.
I--I could be
a crazy person.
You probably are.
But you obviously
care a lot about your nieces.
Can't be all bad.
I'm free on Friday.
I got here as soon as I could.
Is she okay?
Yes. Yes.
Uh, this is my sister,
Danielle.
Dr. Weiss, Chloe's mom.
Nothing to worry about
at all.
Annie took every precaution.
Oh, my honey!
I need to step out
for a minute.
Uh, prescription?
My phone number.
To coordinate lunch. Friday.
Right. Thanks.
I'm sorry.
How did you know I was here?
You track
my cell phone signal?
You know what?
I don't want to know.
Just gonna lead
to more questions.
The Agency's having
an emergency of its own.
An instructor at the Farm
leaked the identity
of a top recruit.
The name's Roy Gaskin.
He's a weapons, tactics,
and training instructor.
Why don't I recognize him?
He was transferred
after you were pulled.
A trainee he burned
is Laura Taylor.
Like you,
she was a linguist
with a level-five proficiency
in multiple European
and Slavic languages.
Her name and picture
were posted
on a pet care message board.
Pet care?
It's a front for the
Iranian Intelligence Ministry.
One stop shopping for fido
and foreign intelligence.
Past 12 years, Roy ran ops
in Iran and Afghanistan.
During his last assignment,
he was captured by militants
in the Logar Province.
That's when we think
he was turned.
Under duress, even the best
operatives can be turned.
Couple that
with unexplained absences,
unusual behavior,
and we have our mole.
Why hasn't he been pulled?
No hard evidence.
We isolated the post
to an I.P. address
in the general area
of the Farm,
but it's not
Roy's work computer.
He must have a laptop.
And we need to find it.
That's where I come in?
You have a legitimate reason
for going back to the Farm.
I can complete
my gun training.
And as far
as the Agency goes,
that's all it would be.
The assignment,
if you choose to accept it,
will be compartmentalized
for maximum secrecy.
You're giving me an out?
If you're burned,
that's it.
You're done with the CIA.
Laura Taylor got a nonstop
ticket back to Omaha.
Promising career
with the Agency over, shattered.
It would be the same
for you, Annie.
Which is why
you need to be sure.
Maybe we should
give you a minute?
I don't need a minute.
I'm sure.
I'm in.
♪ Covert Affairs 02x03 ♪
Bang and Blame
Original Air Date on June 21, 2011
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪ ♪
You looking forward
to cafeteria food and PT drills?
Sure.
I get to compete with the best
for a job I already have.
Don't knock
continuing education.
At this rate, I might not
make it to the Farm at all.
Is the weather that bad?
Higher elevations
are reporting snow.
Maybe this time you'll get
snow shoe training.
Okay, Mr. Sunshine.
Tell me what I'm missing
in Roy's file.
Short answer,
Logar Province.
Where he was captured?
Yeah, Roy admitted
he made a mistake.
That mistake got him
and another operative captured.
Rumor is
it wasn't an accident.
They think Roy
set an operative up?
Oh,
this is starting to open up.
I might make it
to the Farm after all.
Okay, remember the rules.
I know, I know.
Leave the phone in the car.
And use extreme discretion
on the campus pay phone.
Oh, and good luck.
Once you go through that gate,
the mission is live.
[Buzzer]
You guys go through.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Clear underneath.
We're clear.
[Buzzer]
All right. Open up!
[Panting]
You're the new recruit?
Yeah.
Uh, Annie Walker.
I was told to report
to Roy Gaskin.
That's me.
That's your team.
You better hustle
over there with them.
I explain an exercise
only once.
The embassy
you are now standing in
has been overrun by hostiles.
You will each have
one opportunity to escape.
You can choose an item
from here to help you.
All firearms are loaded, because
they are loaded in real life.
You can only choose one item,
so choose wisely.
Emerson, up first.
[Upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Gideon, get in there.
♪ It seems like days ♪
♪ that I've been waiting for ♪
♪ this dream to pass ♪
♪ it goes so fast ♪
♪ it seems nothing lasts... ♪
Shireen, next up.
Corey.
Let's go.
Your turn, Walker.
- ♪ The ever-turning
spinning wheel ♪
♪ I feel the restless beat ♪
♪ of the sleepless
night to come ♪
♪ I just want to be numb ♪
♪ just want to be numb ♪
Are you too precious
for guns?
- No.
- Then why take this map?
I didn't finish
my gun training.
I left the program early
because I injured my knee.
Ah.
So we have a quitter.
Well, she just got here.
Come on.
It should come
as no surprise to you
that you'd all be dead.
What? No way.
Yeah, way.
You all failed.
All of you except
Annie Oakley here.
But she didn't even
shoot anyone.
Yeah.
Ironically,
her ignorance saved her ass.
Guns are a last resort.
Anyone discharging
their weapon
is blowing their cover and
putting their fellow operatives
and potentially
an entire operation at risk.
This is your greatest weapon.
In fact, those training
manuals you were issued,
burn 'em.
The last thing
the Agency needs
is more jarheads
turning the organization
into a bunch of gun-toting
paramilitary thugs.
You want to kill terrorists,
you want to pop off
a few rounds,
join the FBI.
Class dismissed.
If I'd known the instructor
was such a hard-ass,
I would have tried harder
to finish the first time.
Well, at least
all the recruits are cool.
I mean, Shireen
gives these awesome pep talks.
And if that
doesn't cheer you up,
you can always get drunk,
right?
Did the campus bar
finally get a liquor license?
Uh, no, they're still serving
seltzer water and root beer,
but my bunkmate, Corey,
he sneaks in whiskey
every now and then.
My roommate
seems a little intense.
Emerson.
Yeah, uh, good luck with that.
Well,
you said everyone's cool.
Well, by "everyone,"
I meant, um,
everyone except Emerson.
See you later.
[Knock at door]
Hey, I'm Annie.
I'm your new--
Knee injury girl.
Yeah, I heard.
How is it they let you
come back to the Farm?
I guess I performed
pretty well before my injury,
so they gave me another shot.
Hey, Billy Collins.
He wrote one of my
favorite poems of all time.
I brought him with me
the last time I was here.
My old roommate Laura
left that behind.
I doubt
she's getting a do-over,
so I guess that means
it's yours now.
Surprised you didn't
personalize the place.
You know?
Hang a few photos.
Small touches can really
make a big difference.
Nesting advice.
What, are you trying to get
to Langley to bag a husband?
Case officers don't have
the luxury of nesting.
And I did make
a few small changes.
I painted the walls white.
I'm gonna unpack
before going down to the bar.
I'm not waiting.
They're gonna post
the new rankings soon.
Oh, and lights out
is at 9:00.
You don't really
go to sleep at 9:00, do you?
Yes, I do.
Every night.
- Course you do.
- What?
I'll see you
down at the bar.
[Knocking at door]
I was hoping
I could have a word.
Yeah, sure.
What's on your mind?
I think I've done
a pretty good job
of filling in
where I was needed.
No argument here.
Thing is, given my skills,
my experience,
I'm not the guy
that should be filling in.
Let's face it.
Anyone else would have
made a play for
the corner office by now,
or gone over to the NSA.
To get a better office and
a parking space to go with it?
I stayed because I assumed my
responsibilities would expand.
Well, you're welcome
to hand in your resignation
if you'd like.
Hmm.
I assume there'll be
some fallout
from the case against Arthur.
The situation's
being handled.
Nobody's expecting Arthur to
get marched out of the building.
I mean,
if it happens at all,
it'll start slowly.
First Arthur's people
in the Tanzania station
will get shipped back
to Langley.
Then the station chief
in Stockholm will get the boot.
You done?
Just being frank here.
And you've succeeded,
and now I have work to do.
[Door closes]
Now, we can't move forward
until all the questions
regarding the CIA cover-up
have been answered.
I personally tried
to get Arthur Campbell
on the telephone many times.
I mean, I've said, "Let's sit
down and talk about this."
I couldn't help it.
Why not
just meet with him?
He's a power-hungry senator.
A sit-down would only
further inflate his ego.
And he'll use it
to come after me even harder.
Or it could silence him.
Talking to Gottfried
won't resolve our legal issues.
We've hired Chet
to handle the case,
and that'll have to be enough.
For now.
I bet this is
what Laura misses most.
She loved it.
The root beer?
Oh, her family was strict.
Didn't allow soda.
What? No, wait.
How is this possible?
Whoa.
Way to go, Annie Oakley.
[Laughs]
Number one.
After one exercise.
Well, no,
rankings are cumulative.
Annie must have
aced all the exercises
before her injury.
She's mad because she thought
she had the top spot in the bag
after Laura was cut.
Yeah, it's--
it's not a big deal.
Oh, right.
Yeah, it only determines whether
you get to be James Bond
or James not-so-Bond.
Top third of the class
is gonna work
in clandestine operations.
Mm-hmm, and the bottom third
will be like me,
working D.S.T.
at a Langley.
Don't get me wrong.
That's where I want to be,
with all the high-tech toys.
My dad says we're not
gonna use half the stuff
we're being
tested on anyways--
seals and flaps,
lock picking, detection routes.
Yeah, I'd--I'd love
to get to D.S.T.
without having
to jump out of a plane.
[Laughter]
Aw.
Well, maybe the cocktail parties
will help some tech guys
be a little less dull.
Now there's a skill
we're gonna use in Kabul,
working the Taliban
cocktail party circuit, right?
Exercises are just to see
if you can stay cool
under pressure.
You know, talk your way
out of a difficult situation.
Knowing cold war spy craft
will not make you a great spy.
Clearly not, Corey.
You're, like, what?
Tenth on the list?
Thanks.
Well, not all of us
have Agency dads
and two brothers
in special ops.
Yeah, but, Shireen, you've got
something even better--
level-five Farsi.
The Agency would sell
a hundred of us techies
for one of you.
Meanwhile we're being judged
on whether we took
a different route back to campus
after weekend breaks.
Even though we know
we weren't followed.
You don't want to do detection
routes, Corey, then don't.
But don't be surprised
if you find yourself
in a dark cave
in the Khost-Gardez pass
in Afghanistan,
getting beat with Kalashnikovs.
Sweet dreams, campers.
Well, I--I think
it's time for some Jack.
What do you say?
I need to get back
to my room.
I think that I've found
what I've been looking for.
It's compact
and easy to carry.
Is it a fruit?
Yep, but it's not
a Granny Smith.
Am I clear to exit?
You're on the list.
Good.
Stay by the phone.
Thank you.
Name's not here.
What?
Uh, no, that can't be.
[Phone rings]
Security.
What? Really?
Yes, sir.
Go on through.
Go.
Thanks, Auggie.
Well, considering the poor
health of your grandmother,
it'd be cruel
not to let you leave campus.
Be careful.
If what I'm told is true,
your car isn't the most
inconspicuous color.
I didn't know I was gonna be
tailing spies when I bought it.
This trip might not
be worth it.
This guy's got skills.
[Horn honks]
You're no slouch when
it comes to defensive driving.
I definitely prefer
driving to guns.
Here we go.
[Horn honks]
At least
you're being cautious.
Go get 'em, Walker.
[Horn honks,
indistinct chatter]
[Horn honks]
[Knocks]
Emerson, it's me.
I don't have
my key card.
Emerson.
I'm sorry about being late.
I'm trying to sleep.
Well, if I have
to go to operations
and report I'm locked out,
I'll get a demerit
for breaking curfew.
Too bad.
I swear
it won't happen again.
[Sighs]
[Bird calls]
Mornin'.
This is an odd choice.
Most runners prefer the roads
near the creek.
Fewer cars here.
You need firearms training,
right?
Yeah, if I ever
intend to graduate.
Got a few minutes.
I'll give you a primer.
Climb in.
Come on. Get in.
[Engine starts]
You got a demerit last night.
Yeah, I got into it
with my roommate,
found myself locked out.
You let off some steam?
Took a little break.
I received permission to visit
my grandmother in Richmond.
She's sick, so I did.
That's a lie, actually.
Last night I got in the car
and just drove.
I thought it'd be less stressful
at the Farm second time around.
It's not.
Thought we were going
to the shooting range.
Oh,
that won't be necessary.
When you face a target,
real target,
and your heartbeat
is ringing in your ears,
your focus
is just completely clear.
[Bird calls]
It's afterwards
things become complicated.
Your turn.
Wait, wait, wait.
Bend.
The Agency's all
about learning by doing.
That's how
you become an elite.
Of course,
if mistakes are made,
they'll try to bury you.
Ho! That's not bad
for somebody with no training.
My dad
used to take me hunting.
Little father-daughter
bonding moment?
He thought so.
I wasn't into it.
Well, you're into it now,
Oakley.
That's it?
For today.
Good job.
- Yeah.
- Are you serious?
Yeah. I was thinking
of skipping this one.
The lecture
hasn't started yet?
No, the D.S.T. officer
that was scheduled
to be here is sick.
[Insect buzzing]
Replacement's probably
some lowly intern.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Oh.
- This way, sir.
I'm glad I didn't skip.
Check it out.
I know you were expecting
the foremost expert
in audio surveillance
technology.
Eh, you got me instead.
The blind guy.
Word of warning,
the room is bugged.
Literally.
Welcome to the future of
remote-controlled surveillance.
Oh, and to my friend
in the back,
I'm not an intern.
Need some one-on-one time
to get through the content.
Really?
Somebody's
hot for teacher.
Oh, audio surveillance tactics
is scintillating stuff.
Oh.
We alone?
Yeah.
I've got a bit
of technological wizardry
for you too.
I knew this
wasn't a social call.
Our mole isn't a PC guy,
so we had to scramble a bit,
but she should
download four gigabytes
in less than a minute.
I only saw his laptop once.
The cocktail party
exercise is tonight.
While Roy
and the other instructors
are grilling the trainees
on their covers,
we'll peek into his office.
We?
I'll talk you through it.
I think Roy
might be on to me.
He made you?
Last night?
No. Maybe.
I don't know.
I can't get a bead on this guy,
and if I mess this up--
You don't do it.
He could still burn you.
[Sighs]
I'll check out
the faculty building
and find the best way in.
I'll be right there
with you.
[Soft jazz playing]
Is it just me,
or does everyone in here
look like they're about
to walk the plank?
Memorizing our covers.
Civil engineer
from South Africa. Three PhDs.
You can pull that off
no problem.
Makes more sense than growing
up in Beverly Hills ever did.
Darn it. Darn it.
Something wrong
with your cover, Gideon?
Ask me about
computational simulation,
parallel computing,
wavelets.
Anything but this.
It can't be that bad.
My name
is unpronounceable.
Akshayakeerti Sathyanarayan.
Well, that doesn't
help me at all. Thank you.
Why don't you just
make up a cover, Gideon?
You're a genius, right?
Kind of defeats the purpose,
doesn't it?
No, no.
No, my dad says
it's all about consistency.
See, you just
don't contradict yourself,
you'll be fine.
That might fly
if the instructors
were being served real wine.
Maybe.
You're gonna pull through,
Gideon.
Well, if I'm lucky,
I'll bomb,
and they'll kick me out
before the skydiving.
Excuse me.
[Speaking foreign language]
[All chatter]
I did my undergraduate at
Stanford and I switched over...
People call me Joe.
J-o-e.
Uh, you see, the only three
letters that aren't in my name.
It is, actually.
It's hard to say, 'cause it's
in the back of the throat.
...Post doctorate program...
I worked in--
in a nuclear reactor.
You look familiar.
Wish I could say the same.
Uh, Laurieanne Bertran.
And--and you are?
Doctor Stevens.
Throws a lot of people,
surgeon being so young.
A surgeon?
Neurology.
Go ahead and laugh.
No, I find it fascinating.
How a blind guy
can perform brain surgery?
Actually, I performed a lengthy
procedure earlier today.
It took me three hours
and 15 minutes.
Really?
I like to think of the brain
as having three distinct floors.
Earlier today I entered
through the bottom level
and followed
a recessed stem.
Kind of like a staircase?
Took me to the top level,
where I bypassed
the first three sections
and went into the fourth.
I'm in.
And the laptop?
Annie?
Got it.
It's password protected.
Insert the flash drive.
If we're lucky, the level
of encryption won't be too deep.
Okay, we're in.
He has what appears to be
a list of dates and times,
and the last entry
was last night.
The night he was
at the bus station.
We might have something.
Okay, we're done.
Good work.
I'll meet you outside.
What the hell is this?
What are you doing
in my office?
I--I know
how this must look.
Hey, Sugar Plum,
have you seen my other sock?
What the hell
do you think this is?
What--what is this?
A game to you?
The only office
with a couch.
CSTs get cut
for less than this.
Look,
it's my mistake, all right?
My first since returning
from an unfortunate incident
in Baghdad,
and I think you can see
I lost a hell of a lot more
than my luggage.
I apologize.
I'd appreciate it
if we'd acknowledge
it was poor judgment
and move on.
Get out. Now.
Ugh.
Did you get
the flash drive?
Yeah.
I thought your accident
happened in Tikrit.
Ah, the important thing
is it worked.
I suggest you lay low,
stay away from Roy
while the team
uploads the data.
He's probably
posting my name
on the message board
right now,
in which case this will be
our last conversation.
No, you're not
getting rid of me that easily.
Okay, Sugar Plum.
[Laughs]
Hey, I was improvising.
It was either that
or "Pooh Bear."
Now go for a drive.
Give your niece Chloe a call.
Oh, no!
What?
You said she was fine.
Uh, she is.
I'll--I'll check in later.
[Phone rings]
- Dr. Weiss.
- Hey, Scott, uh, it's Annie.
Annie. You're not calling
to cancel, are you?
Actually, I have this
big work project,
and--and I'm gonna be tied up
for several days.
It's for something
at the Smithsonian?
Yeah, we're--we're...
How did you know I work
at the Smithsonian?
Your sister told me.
In the E.R.
What, is the project
not going well?
No,
it's--it's looking up.
We're just waiting
on a few confirmations.
Well, if you're
in a holding pattern,
we could get together now.
Well, I'm in Williamsburg,
and, uh, I only have
a small window of time.
I learned the hard way
that with a schedule like mine
you got to seize the moment,
so how about I drive down
and we grab
a quick bite to eat?
You got to eat, right?
If you turn me down,
I'm gonna be forced to accept
that you're giving me
the brush off,
and honestly I don't think
your sister
would be able to take that.
♪ Tell me 'bout your life ♪
♪ tell me all
your little secrets ♪
♪ you're my evening girl ♪
Whoa.
This joint does not do you
or that dress any justice.
I, uh, I had a work event.
You don't have to explain.
Really.
We have demanding professions.
I get it.
Thanks.
Yeah.
♪ Keep an open mind ♪
Okay, appetizers.
Do you want chicken fingers
or waffle fries?
Boy.
I don't have
a lot of time, Gina.
I took the liberty
of ordering you a scotch.
Why am I here?
Senator Gottfried
is a friend.
Well, there's a guy
who likes to hear himself talk.
And he's talking about you.
Therein lies the problem.
The strange thing is,
he respects you.
He wants you to like him.
Doesn't change
my opinion of him.
Sit down with him, Arthur.
A guy like that
is easy to win over.
Especially for someone
as charming as you.
Only if I don't
smash him in the face.
You've handled a lot worse.
What does Joan think?
You did tell her
we were meeting?
At least you're
calling her by her name,
and not "The blonde."
I was a wife scorned.
Not my finest hour,
you know.
But I did learn
from my mistakes.
I'm surprised you haven't.
I've got to run.
If you want
to talk this over,
feel free to call me
at my office.
And feel free
not to tell Joan.
Witchetty grub,
Australian wood-eating maggot
about the size of a hot dog?
Nuh-uh.
Deep fried spiders. Cambodia.
Blood soup.
Vietnam.
You're a daring woman.
Traveling all over the world,
eating strange
delicacies for fun.
Took a few trips before
I started at the Smithsonian.
Well, only reason
I've been to any of these places
is 'cause they needed doctors.
I knew it.
You're one of those
do-gooders
who goes to disaster sites
in faraway places
and stitches people up.
I just made a deal
with the hospital,
and when a crisis hits,
I go.
We should get some dessert.
Good luck finding a waiter.
Service is as dry
as this county.
That's okay.
I'm enjoying the company.
I don't have to be back
at work until...
Oh, gosh.
Um, I got to go.
Oh. Okay.
But, you know,
they say it's bad luck
to end a date without dessert.
Where do they say that?
I don't know.
Probably true wherever
they eat blood soup.
Let's pick this up
another time,
save the awkward kiss.
Okay.
Um, till next time.
Bye.
♪ Won't you
come back home to me ♪
It's a minute after 9:00,
Emerson.
Hey.
If you're gonna sneak out,
you should start
packing lighter.
Shireen, what's wrong?
Um, I've been eliminated.
Kicked out.
You know,
when Laura was cut, I--
I figured that she'd just been
caught doing something wrong,
and now here I am
getting tossed out too.
I don't know.
Maybe I just didn't belong.
You're one of the best
CSTs here.
Then why am I
being kicked out?
[Line rings,
coin clinks]
It happened again,
didn't it?
I'm sorry.
Tell me the team got
what they needed to win.
Tell me.
We didn't.
We struck out.
So what does this mean?
It means we continue playing
the game just as we have.
I'm late.
I'll check in tomorrow.
[Muffled scream]
[Grunts]
I know why you're here, Oakley.
You're not fooling anyone.
A top trainee
gets unceremoniously benched,
and you show up with a story
about a busted knee.
It's not a story.
Drop the Doe-eyed routine!
I know the Agency
cooked up the idea
that I was the one leaking
the names of the trainees.
Are you?
I have given 20 years
to the Agency.
Ames gave 25.
Nicholson 12.
They both sold classified
information to the Russians.
Did Langley give you anything
to support their
cockamamie theory?
No, no, of course not.
'Cause my problems began when
I made it out of Logar Province
and my buddy didn't.
And the Agency,
in their infinite wisdom,
decided that I
set up my friend.
My friend of 15 years!
If you're so innocent,
what am I doing here, Roy?
Why am I being held
at gunpoint?
[Dramatic music]
♪ ♪
I never betrayed anyone.
I saw you.
Leaving here last night
to go pick up someone
at the bus depot.
I saw the laptop in your bag.
No, that has nothing
to do with the leaks.
Nothing.
If you--
if you had nothing to hide,
why bring
a personal computer here?
Why the late-night,
clandestine meetings?
That was my wife.
We want to have a family.
Couple of kids.
Simple enough, right?
Nope, not for us.
We've been seeing
all these damn doctors.
The laptop is the only way
to keep track
of all the tests and trials
and cycles and prescriptions.
This is our fourth attempt.
We can't afford a fifth.
I have only myself to blame.
I convinced my wife
to put family on the back burner
while I went
and ran clandestine operations
in backwater countries.
And look at us now.
No family.
And the office that I have
sacrificed everything for
is calling me a traitor.
I believe you.
[Sighs]
Yeah,
since you showed up,
I've been looking more closely
at the people
who might have leaked.
Got any leads?
Whoever it is is good.
If I had to guess,
I'd say it's a trainee.
Somebody who doesn't
like to be outshone.
That's nearly every
trainee at the Farm.
What if we were
wrong about this?
What do you mean?
What if someone on the team
is calling the plays,
not the coach?
Well,
I suppose it's possible,
but the coach
has more latitude.
Yeah, but a crafty teammate
can figure out
how to get beyond the gate.
So it could be anybody.
Stay together.
Move, move!
I got to go.
Annie.
More lawyers?
The herd trampling
through the D.P.D.?
No, they're operatives.
Station personnel
is being downsized.
What station?
Tanzania.
I'm going home.
What should I tell Joan?
Whatever you want.
Senator Gottfried.
Arthur Campbell.
Thought you
would have insisted
on meeting at a restaurant,
like Citronelle or The Oval.
- Why is that?
- More public.
It's all theater for you,
isn't it?
You smear my name
and you make one for yourself.
I was hoping you'd see this
as an opportunity.
Rough waters ahead.
You're gonna need help
navigating them.
This is not the place
I'd come to for help.
You know, the committee
may have sided with you,
but I know at least two members
who are rooting against you.
And how do I know
you aren't one of 'em?
Well, that's your job,
isn't it?
Separating the lies
from the truth?
I hear you're a golfer.
I don't get out
as much as I'd like, but, yes.
Well, I'm a member
at Congressional.
Why don't you come by
on Saturday and play 18?
I'll give you four strokes,
and still you won't beat me.
I'll enjoy trying.
We're at 13,000 feet.
First jump of the series
for most of you.
It's both the easiest
and the hardest.
And the only way to fail is to
be on this plane when it lands.
So if I fall to my death,
does that mean I still pass?
I'll go first, then Annie,
since she's the veteran.
Let's do it.
Emerson,
what is your problem?
You were wasting time.
You know what,
we're all gonna get out.
Unfortunately.
You go after Annie.
Yeah, maybe you
should just push me out.
Come on.
We all got to do it.
You owe me, dude.
All those times
I let you back on campus
after your whiskey runs?
You can't do me
this one favor?
Corey, how'd you find whiskey
in a dry county?
I couldn't even get
a decent bottle of wine.
I got a friend
hooks me up.
Yeah, and he'd have,
like, a zillion demerits
if I didn't
let him back in.
You're exaggerating.
Hey, I saved your ass
just the other night
after the cocktail party.
Gideon, can you go next?
I have to double check
my gear.
For you, Annie?
Tell my mother I love her.
You got whiskey
the night Shireen was cut?
Yeah, I knew everybody'd
be bummed. So?
Nobody knew Shireen was
gonna be cut until this morning.
[Both grunting and groaning]
[Both grunting,
struggling]
[Acoustic guitar music]
♪ ♪
This class has overcome
tremendous challenges and loss,
and I consider it an honor
to welcome you
to the United States
Central Intelligence Agency.
Please rise.
Annie Walker.
[Applause]
Whoo!
Now you're ready for the CIA.
♪ Better hold
your lover down ♪
Gideon Phillips.
Put a gold star
on that certificate, Oakley?
Least they could do after
everything you've been through.
I'm just happy the Agency
is helping Laura and Shireen
get positions
at the State Department.
We should have seen
the problem with Corey.
We didn't.
Why do you think he did it?
Oh, some people have
to beat everybody to feel big.
And the Iranians were there
to help him do it.
Having a dad and brothers
in the CIA can be tough.
The need to measure up
is great.
Try and remember that
when your kid comes along.
You know, you're gonna
have a long career, Oakley.
Give you some advice?
Don't sacrifice everything.
At the end of the day,
it's just a job.
Remember that.
[Indistinct chatter]
...He never left
the Green Zone.
[Laughter]
Arthur? Joan.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
I had to tell Arthur how happy
I am that he took my advice
and you spoke to Gottfried.
He was quite impressed.
- That right?
- Mm-hmm.
I doubt you'll be seeing
any more trouble from him.
Good to hear.
Thanks.
- Enjoy your dinner.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
♪ simple pleasures ♪
♪ strike like lightning ♪
♪ scratches spell her name ♪
♪ thunder demons
swipe her halo ♪
♪ then they run away ♪
♪ but I know better ♪
♪ than to let her go ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org